As part of your paid or free
Microsoft account, you can save
your documents and other files
to OneDrive and then work with
them from any device tart by
going to onedrivecom and here
click Sign in to sign in with
your Microsoft account or you
can also create an account from
here.
Be aware that you may already
have an account some ways.
You may have already created an
account include if you have a
subscription to Microsoft 365,
if you have a Hotmail or
Outlookcom e-mail address, if
you have a Kye account, or if
you have an Xbox Live account.
You can use any of these methods
to sign into and access your
OneDrive cloud storage space.
If you do think you have an
account, just enter your
username here, click Next and
enter your password and click
sign in and once you're logged
in you'll have access to your
OneDrive account and all the
files you have stored there.
Or, if you don't think you have
a Microsoft account, go to
onedrivecom and click Sign U for
free.
Then enter the e-mail address
you'd like to use.
If you don't have an e-mail
address you'd like to use for
your Microsoft account, you can
click Get a new e-mail address
and choose an Outlookcom
address.
Click Next and create a
password.
Click Next again and then enter
some basic information and that
brings you to your new OneDrive
account.
Again, you can sign in or create
an account at anytime by going
to onedrivecom in your web
browser.